#Reflection
1. Made a blog post, very basic, no styling. Hopefully, I'll get back to styling later and do it some justice. You can add posts, delete posts, edit them. Each post has a title and a content, as well as timestamp and 2 buttons.
2. It's just a regular website. Title and content are required fields. Input form is used for editing.
3. I did thr majority of the project a couple days later, then I re-did SBA 4 and now I'm looking at this and not understand why in SBA 4 I have a renderTask for one task which I then use to render an array, and here I have a render function that renders the whole array. Need to look into it again, because syntax from SBA 4 feels cleaner. I did rewatch Scrimba course on working with arrays and objects and that might have affected it. I also did an object type instead of object - I think I did this before in C#, somehow feels more orderly than just making an object. Maybe because I can leave the structure outside of the event listener. Most struggle was editing and repopulating and figuring out how to make my form behave 2 different ways and where to store data. I think it worked out fine, I'm using the form to edit and save my data there. 
4. Once again, haven't really done any design. Plus, I'm losing the status Updated when reloading the page - would've liked to save it somewhere and restore. Probably need to add a method to capitalize my entries. Maybe refactoring and taking out the actions from event listener into functions would've worked.